Today has been such a total ADHD day that I basically almost just can't believe it.
I just came to my room which finally I have for myself, thank God.
Just to like a voice journal about some of the things that are like running in my head.
First of all, I'm just so disappointed.
Like myself, I think I already wrote that in the previous voice message because of that.
Like today I took Ritalin.
I didn't really have that many distractions.
I wasn't like talking to that many people.
People were not talking to me.
I really have an excuse.
Like, you know, I'm the captain of my own destiny.
I'm the captain of my own days and I'm just apparently a really bad one.
Like, you know, like I was in charge today.
I can't point fingers. I can't blame others.
And like, I didn't do it.
Like I didn't even like really get started on the task.
I didn't even try until very, very late.
And then I finally, then I was actually doing it, but then in my head, I was still thinking about all these things until I realized I had a moment where I was like, oh wait, I'm actually doing it right now, You know, but it felt almost like, oh no, I'm just like skimming through it, But I'm not actually like working on it.
So anyway, I was just like, wait, I'm doing it right now.
And I know that calmed me down a little bit, but not quite.
Because I just felt like I was like overthinking it too much.
Instead of just picking like one project and just doing the homework around it. (the homework starts with "pick a bioeng tool or application then do this")
Which is not even like the final project. (although they hint you should start thinking about it)
It doesn't matter what I pick now.
But obviously I was like, oh yeah, let's orient this to where it's like the actual final project that I would want to have.
And so, yeah, that is making me like overthink it.
But the deadline is tomorrow.
Like, again, this is not like CEO-like attitudes, CEO behaviors.
Like this morning I was thinking of like, oh, maybe I should do those like "making decisions under uncertainty".
Like, not the courses, but like one of those books, maybe that would help me.
Like, is that the problem? Is that I don't know how to choose? Is like, I don't know how to make a decision.
Like, I don't know like, it's like the firmware that's running in my head is just not right.
And how do I fix that?
Right.
I feel like I've been able to like change the firmware in some regards.
Like, for example, with the like anxiety thing, in spiraling and stuff like that.
But I feel like today, some of the already like these past few days or something that has happened as literally more similar to that.
So I don't know if I'm like regressing or something.
I haven't been doing like meditation in a very long time. And maybe that is also impacting me a little bit.
But I don't know, I was doing quite well even without doing it.
So I thought like, you know, like I was like fixed or something.
And so I don't know if it's related or if I'm just like, or maybe I was okay because it was just like a special, special like
in chapter or moment or something special as in like, not like my usual.
But okay, I'm just gonna dump some of the like thoughts and worries and stuff that I had today.
So I mean, what happened?
So first of all, I already explained like in the morning, I decided to like go out and get some like groceries.
And I don't know if I got too distracted or what.
And then after that, I should have just fucking taken the Ritalin.
That's like mistake number one.
But even when I take it sometimes like I still am like like super distracted.
Even today after taking it, I was still like distracted for a while.
But like it helps at least put me in like a different mode a little bit.
Because like even when I was on my laptop and I got distracted, like getting distracted with like prompting AI is not productive.
But it's better than like scrolling social media.
But it still means that I'm not like doing my thing.
So it's easy to fall for that because in my head it's like, oh yeah.
So you know, I don't want, I started feeling guilty at some point that my AI has not been working at all all day.
Like imagine if it's like 5pm and I'm like, "oh my god, I've like completely wasted all these like subscriptions and tokens and stuff because they haven't been working at all".
But of course, getting them to work and something takes like warm up time right.
And because I don't have the right system set up yet, it takes even longer because I open the terminal and it's like, "oh, all the sessions have closed.
And now how do I get to continue the sessions? And now I have to like scroll up and be like, oh, what was the conversation in this session?
And how do I reinstantiate an AI and get it to get all the context that was in this like conversation?
And that takes a while, right? So there's this like warm up time that just makes things inefficient because I can't just like go and like open it and just continue it.
And then I have all these like little problems like, oh, you know, when I like use Codex, I can scroll up.
Oh, when I use tmux, I have to like write these commands and then it takes a while and it's a pain in the ass, how do I not do that?"
And then I go and like, do like a quick like perplexity query and like, "how to not do that?" And then it tells me, and then I fix it and it's like, but there's like a ton of like small things like that.
We're like, if I was doing that in one sitting, I could like fix a lot of them. And so next time I don't have to like,
"tropezarme" like, trip on them, but like, because I don't do it, it's always like little by little, but literally it just feels infinite, right?
And so then, and at some point, I'm like, "wait, I've spent too much time on this shit. Like, I'm just going to go like ignore this.
Like, don't feel bad about it. Just go to the bio stuff, like your actual tasks".
Um, but then somehow I just like end up regressing and then another way in which I also wasted a lot of time is because I just went to like Amazon and AliExpress and stuff to like order stuff for the room.
Which is like, and I even told myself "it's fine, it's not urgent. You can wait for one day. like you have the deadline tomorrow."+
You can just order those things like tomorrow or the day after it's fine", but then part of me is like, wait no, because AliExpress takes a long time to ship. And so two days can make like a big difference because sometimes it's like weekend is in the middle and like, whatever. So "let's just do it quickly". I was like, "I have like a clear idea of what I want. It's just like three items and like, blah, blah, blah."
It's just never like that. It's never, ever, ever like that on Amazon. Maybe not like surprise a little bit less.
Um, and I also checked some stuff on Amazon because I'm like, oh, what if I can just have it like quicker, delivered quicker.
And I just wasted a ton of time and then there was another query that I wanted to run in the background just asking for like, "oh, where can I buy like cheap like clothes or home decor or something?"
Because I mean, that is something like I need like pajamas and I need like clothes that I didn't bring.
Um, and but it's like, it also kind of counts a little bit like a distraction, but like, okay, fine. That was just like a couple of minutes.
So then how did I waste like more than 10 hours?
Um, then yeah, I don't know what else happened, but it's like this like constant ping pong of different like things that's just like everything besides doing the actual things I even.
At some point was like, oh, let's just run the AIs in the background to run to create this like web app course that I can study the HTGAA stuff from.
And the point is, and my head is like, "I'm just going to give it like one or two prompts and just like leave it in the background running and then going to do my actual task and then by the time I'm done with my task, I have the fruits of the AI's labor".
And so things feel more efficient because otherwise I finished the main task and then I'm like, "oh shit.
Now I have to start up the AI agents just to start working on the thing. And then I will have to wait."
It's like, it's like harvesting right. It's like planting the seeds and then you like collect the seeds because I haven't planted the seed, I won't be able to collect the seed.
And it's the same with like the paper reader mentor app, which I would love to have like it would be really useful to have that.
But it will take a while to get that like proper. And then again, if I just keep doing this thing where I'm just jumping around so many different things it is never going to actually like get finished.
Because I'm just working across different projects. And part of it is because the AI agent works right like you prompt it you ask it to do something and then you just wait.
And sometimes it will take 30 minutes. Sometimes it takes five minutes and then it's even hard to figure out like when it has like finished, when it's like waiting for your input.
I did get two projects at least to like notify me on telegram. I don't know if that is now like fixed, but yeah, that would like help a lot. 
Although I don't really check telegram when I'm like trying to focus because I get messages from friends.
So like maybe I need to find like a different route like something that's connected to my Mac and shows me that message or something so that I don't need to like open the app because then I get too distracted with messages from other people.
And I don't want to see messages from people during like my work hours right. So you know actually maybe this is a good like feedback for myself, a good criticism, which is that I think I feel like I feel at this like I open telegram at some point maybe because I'm like using like saved messages (to store stuff for myself) and other things (like specialized groups to store stuff like things to read).
And then like I don't know I get like a message from (sometone) and that would remind me of something like my (family thing) and then yeah I had to handle like my thoughts.
So I also like receive to message like from like my family and being like you know like this like relative is like right now why depressed because they don't have like the hearing aids because they were relying on me to the things.
And I was doing like research like I call different like stores and stuff but it's like I didn't get the last quote until like Saturday until I got that quote I didn't want to make a decision.
But then like today I had to like call the store again. So it was like once that message popped up (family) I had to completely stop everything that I was doing to try to like handle that task.
But then because it was like past 13:30 I couldn't call the second store only the first one and then I had to sit in a set an alarm at 4pm.
to restart that at four p.m. and go and call the other one.
But it's like you know that it also requires some like Perplexity like research.
And so it was like, it took me out of everything that I like, I actually have to do, to like go and do the thing. And then I was like okay fine Well, I'm just gonna leave this until 4 so I can go and like do other things, but then during that time, I don't know if I went to like, I think I went to like cook and eat or something, but then, or like, I don't remember, nothing I cooked, did that earlier, but then I wasn't hungry because I took the vitalant, and then, yeah, like 4, um, I was doing something else, I didn't call yet. And then I think I called around like 5 or something when I went back to my laptop and I don't know what I did like during the rest of the time, honestly.

But yeah it took like a little bit of like Ritalin topup.
And then, you know, at 4 I had to do the same thing and I don't know how long I like to do the thing and it's always the same. It's like you talk to them and they're like, wait, let me send you a message later or I'll contact you later or I have to ask somebody else.  Let me give you an answer later, and then you have to wait, and sometimes you have to wait for a day, like, you have to wait for the message and then you don't check the message on the spot, because they send it to like my other phone, and then like, by the time I read it, it's like 7.30, and so they close at 8, and it's like the same cycle, right? And so now it's like something that I still have pending and honestly, like it's also so expensive that I just, I can't choose. There's a bit of like money, like paralysis, money, just like decision making paralysis. 

Um, but I mean, that's kind of like what happened, but like I have to like jump in and out of things instead of just being able to like block out everything and just do the things, like even if I blocked out everything. It's even hard to like get myself to just be like, yeah, I'm just gonna do this thing. I don't really know why.  Um, again, it's because I have all these like little excuses of like, oh, but first, but first, but first. And so, yeah, I'm like, Super disappointed with that. And then, there's like another complaint that, like, no complaint, but, like, overthinking pattern that I will maybe talk about in a different one.  Um, let's see. Um. Wait, I'm just writing the title (of this voice memo). 

Um, this is like a vent. Um, but yeah, there's like a couple of other things that just like happened around. made me kind of distracted about how, I know, like either like seeing people around or like chatting with people that just made me think about things like how, I know I have been like wasting time, because like, Like other people around me who are like much younger, like doing much more serious stuff than I was doing at that age and then like, that's fine. Like, you know, we're all very, like, different, like, whatever.  But like, um, it makes me think of, like, other people that I admire and how I think about the fact that, uh, they, you know, started much younger, like really honing their, like, thinking skills and knowledge of stuff, like, 2 of my role models, they like dropped out or something (one of them from an Ivy League), but they were studying, like, physics. And like, one of them, and they are like 2 girls, one of them started, like, was very passionate about physics when she was like a teenager, what the fuck was I doing as a teenager? I was just like, playing fucking video games or something.

And so you know seeing the person and then I know I saw like the website of like another like influential figure and like Silicon Valley and they write all these.
and they write all these, um, the word is not, like, platitudes, just, like, beliefs, like, one liner, like, beliefs, or thoughts, stuff like that. perspectives, and they're very well thought out, right? And so I was like, you know, what does it take to get to that point where you develop those thoughts and you were able to articulate them so well? Um, And then, you know, I think to myself, well, yeah, this is like a skill that one can develop, like, like I can also develop that skill, right? 

But then I part of me was also thinking like oh maybe like you know this person is just like higher IQ and the other people I'm thinking about they are just really fucking higher IQ and they're like way more impressive.
And it's like I will never get the opportunities that they have had and they have because I just can't catch up to that level right like I can catch up on like one front but not all of them like you can really like fake IQ or whatever.
Um, but it's like, okay, but the, I mean, yes, that's like true on one hand, but on the other hand, it's like there's definitely a lot that you can do to like improve on fronts that are really, like, compensatory, right? Like, yeah, maybe you can't, like, speedrun studying physics. or maybe you can do that, but if you're doing that, then you can't also do like, um, study about like politics or something, right? It's like you can only choose like one thing and you have to go like fully like, completely focus on that thing and then, But then I'm like, okay, well, yeah, I could like spend so much more time on things like, well, how to like speak more articulately and how to like really like express my ideas or how to even like build up my sort of like mental arguments. 

 like I don't even know how to describe this but it's like I've been getting really good feedback from Claude.
I just like uploaded some like rambling voice recordings and actually I can do that with this one also more like constructive voice recordings and then I would get like and then I get Claude to give me feedback on, you know, where am I failing in my communication? Am I rambling so much?  Why do I sound so scattered and so disorganized in my speaking? and in my thinking because that's also what Claude said. Like, I speak like that because I think like that, right?  It is a direct representation. So I'm like, how do I fix that? Um, I'm not sure how right now, like, well, it did give me like a few exercises that I do need to try and actually, I could just pick some sentences here.  Or I can get caught to pick some sentences from some of these and just practice, rewriting them and just being much clearer. Um, and Um, I lost my turn of thought because I was thinking that I really have less time for the deadline than I'm thinking. Um, and.  Yeah, so, you know, like, that's like a very high, I know how we call it, like, higher ROI or something, skill to focus on, right? Because like if I just like go and study, I don't know, physics or history or something, it's like, it's not gonna show as much and it's like, in this case, this like showing does matter. It's, it's not about like, impressing others or anything. is not so much about like the image, but it's more like, you know, learning how to like be more articulate, is learning how to think better. 

Um, and so. You know, being a good thinker is a skill that is highly appreciated because it can be applied to many different, like, areas, right? It's like, it's the skill that I'm lacking right now, but unfortunately, I'm also lacking, like, other skills.  Like, I don't really have that much like accumulated knowledge, right? Like, I feel like I don't have enough, like, crystallized nor fluid knowledge and then it's like, okay, what do I do? Should I give up on life or what?  But that also doesn't make sense. I should still strive to do the best that I can, especially if it's in my hands to improve some of some of, I mean, these, like, flaws or shortcomings, basically. But yeah, there's like constant feeling of overwhelm or like, of frustration.  I don't have many more words to describe this. Like pressure of like, maybe a little bit of like hopelessness, um, because I just feel like I can't catch up because I just feel like no matter how much time and effort I put into it. And then the problem is that I even feel like I'm just not putting in enough like time and effort because I'm being fucking like ADHD and I'm lacking that source of urgency and I don't know what the fuck I'm doing, but like, I feel like even if I put in some, a ton of like, time and energy and effort and focus, like even if I was able to like execute that perfectly. 

Um, I would still be so behind. And I don't know how to sort of like. I don't think the word is like, cope with that, like, integrate that, like, deal with that, like, I don't even know how to describe these, like, feelings or stances or, like, attitudes or, like, what I'm thinking about, I'm feeling, like, I don't even know how to, like, describe it, but there's, like, a little bit of, like, hopelessness and it's, like, demotivating.  Um. And Well, there's like 2 components. One of them is like, it makes you feel different hopeless and it makes you feel a little bit motivated, but then I'm, I'm not the kind of person who, like, can just, like, lose motivation, like, if that makes sense, like, you know, tomorrow, comes and, like, I have to do something, right?  So I have to pick what to focus on. And I think that's the next component that's the next stage that's like hard, which is that, okay, yeah, like I have these thoughts and then I'm like, 0 shit, you know, I'm like, I'm so fucking far behind. Uh, and like, even if I, like, focused perfectly for the next, like, year, or something, I would still be fucking, like, I would still be like, so far away from, and also there's another right English expression far away from someone, but it's like, far away from being at the level of any of these people that I admire.  And And obviously that's demotivating and and it triggers that sense of internal desperation to be like, "wait, but is there anything I can do better? Like, maybe I'm not focusing on the right thing. Maybe I'm like neglecting other areas that that could actually get me much closer to that". Like "maybe I don't need to like, I don't know, like, be at home and like read about like certain things, like maybe I should be reading about those other things. Maybe I should be reading papers, but wait, no, maybe I don't need to read papers. It's better to just focus on the AI agents".

I'm not focusing on the agents but then if I only focus on the agents I'm not growing my like biology knowledge but if I'm doing biology knowledge or like agents I'm not working on focusing on my thinking and for that maybe I need to write more but if I write that I'm not developing my agents or my biology skills and then it's like a part of me is like what can I do like three of that why can I have like different focus blocks in the day to focus on different things you know to allocate to different things but things like other tasks pop up.

But then if I only focus on the age and so I'm not growing my, like, biology knowledge. But if I'm doing biology knowledge or like, yeah, agents. I am not working on focusing on my thinking.  And for that, maybe I need to write more. But if I write, then I'm not developing my AI agents or my biology skills. And then it's like a part of music, why can I do like the 3 of them?  Why can I have like different focus blocks in the day to focus on different things, you know, to allocate to different things. But the thing is like other tasks pop up. And it's like there's like a big percentage of the day, which I just like waste doing, I don't know what, I have no idea how that happens. 
 Um, that's why I've been trying to build these tools to sort of like ask me, like, I really, what are you doing? I tried to set the physical timer and it would help me a lot to just have like a watch where I can set an alarm every hour or something, or 30 minutes, just, just like check, check in with myself. Like, am I doing what I need to be doing, right?  Like one of the reasons why I go distracted after, like I use the 10 minute timers and at some point I actually did the thing. And then I stopped and I went to get a snack and then I didn't set any other timers and that's why I didn't get back on track, right? I think it's really, really, really, really fundamental for me to, to have that sort of, like, scaffolding around me, me full of reminders and timers and stuff like that because I just, I have like a total, like, time blindness and priority blindness and, like, it's like, if I stop and think about it, yes, but then I just get lost in my head, I just get lost in my thoughts and I get like distracted and that's how my brain works and it's fucking broken.


t's fucking like flawed. But it's like if I had the right scaffolding. You know, I could be a little bit more on track, and it's not that I want to deflect responsibility onto some abstract, vague, like, entity, or future, hypothetical, like, future, but, or, like, alternative, like, world where I have, if I have all these scaffolding, I will be, like, perfect, but it's, like, you know, I do see the results, it's, like, when I take Ritalin, vs when I don't take it, I see it. 
 So when I put on my headphones and I set a timer, like, the chances of success and being focused are so much fucking higher. Well, I'm looking at the time and it's just, like, how am I supposed to not feel hopeless, it's like 11 p.m. and what the fuck am I doing, but it's like, honestly, like, this is like one point where I'm like, I do feel like I actually need to, like, sit down and voice journal about it because otherwise it's just like running in my head. And it's better if I can, like, put it in here and then process it with Claude. 
 Um, I think in the past, I mean, a lot of my journals haven't been like as useful because I was not able to like process them. And so, It's pointless if you just like log what's happening, but don't actually are not able to like go through it. Because if you go through it, but you don't have it sort of like in text in front of you or like pre-process, like process by like, another thing, then you just kind of like go in loops.  It's like you have to like regenerate the content anyway (in your head), I don't need to like explain that, it doesn't matter, but like, um, I had already journaled about how I was not journaling, right? And I do actually really have, no, I have not been doing that enough because it's been like, for real, like January has been like so intense. December was so intense and I just didn't really join them that much about it. 

And I do actually really have no but I have nothing doing that enough because it's been like for real like January has been like so intense.
December was so intense and I just didn't really journal that much about it.


And like I just like came to Vienna and it's like what things are going through my mind like what's the experience like like how is it different or how is like similar to what I was like imagining you know.
Like those things are things that I want to record for the future because this is shaping my thinking and my personality and as shaping me right like these life experiences and same thing with what's happening with my family stuff.
So it's could be important to like journal about them like maybe I need to you know maybe I need to get stricter stricter with routine is like right now it's pretty uninterrupted with most of my days here.
I can do what I want I can set up my day then with the day that I want way that I want and if I want I can even get like accountability by you know scheduling with the people like you know "meditation at this time" or something like that.
So and there's like a sauna and I could (...) the sauna like messes up my hair and that's too much work but I don't know.
I mean, like cold showers. I should do more of that. I don't know, I mean, the thing is, the thing is, Yeah, I just really thought, like, when I was, like, up there and I just keep seeing, seeing myself either getting distracted or going into this loop, I was like, okay, I need to, like, break out of this somehow, like either go meditate or just, like, I don't know, do something different, right?  Like I can sign off for the gym, it's too expensive right now. I can't really go for a run. I don't have like a, like a jacket that I can use for that and it's like, it's cold.  And also it's not the nicest area, I think, for that. But sometimes it's like, you know, just break out of that and I think there's just coming to my room and like journaling and dumping this is good because lately what I've been doing is when I've, when I'm with that, like, mental loop mode. And I thought to myself, oh, sure, I should journal about this.  I like, "no, no, journalling At this point, it's like a waste of time. You've already seen it. 
It never leads to anything", so I just push myself to do other things, but, like, today I just realized I'm so stuck, like, I've already been trying to, like, focus on the thing and, like, okay, no, 

and also, like, my other argument is also that if I don't, capture it as it is happening (because I was like, "I can just, like, journal about this later"), but, like, no, I want to capture it as it is happening, because that's how I can get the most accurate representation of, like, the problem that I want to fix, right? And so I hope this voice journal is useful for that. And, but yeah, I think, I don't know how I covered everything.
  Well, yeah, yeah, like my last, like, sort of, like, like, thinking or like overthinking was about the whole, like, Yeah, like, like age and catching up and also like some of these people that I was like talking about, uh, not like the people around me, but like the people, those like, people that I don't know, that that, like I admire like thir thinking or their trajectory, or the things that they have achieved, like, um, 

this last one that I was like reading the website of, like, like, he, it said that he went to MIT and I'm like, well, you know, part of me is like, Because I was like, analyzing the writing and I was like, well, he, like, "this person thinks so clearly and like, what does it take to get there?" and then I saw the MIT thing and I was like, well, you know, nothing like being putting yourself in this environment or being in this environment, like surrounded by people who really, like, shape your, like, way of thinking, like, there's more, like, critical or, like, proper way, like, helps a lot, and it's like, if you are just, like, by yourself. or like another environment. It's really hard to mold your thinking in that way, right? 

Um, And so I have spent like way too much time sort of like, I don't know, by myself or not really like interacting with people in this sort of like intellectually challenging way, right? Um, at all, like too little. And so when you join in a situation like that and you're there every day, it's really hard to like, "escape that", right?  You just like throw yourself in it and and having that external accountability really helps a lot, but then it's like, well, I would not even be able like, when I see some of these people, I'm like, I just wouldn't even have the chance to like, You know, like. get to do, like, places like that with (very smart people?), and like, but like, okay, that's not like what I was thinking. I was also thinking like, no, there's like definitely ways to like, sort of like, get to places like that. It doesn't have to be specifically this one.  Okay, there's like a lot like this. Well, not that many. The problem is that there's not that many, but like, even this one, it's like, well, you know, I don't have like good grades, so I don't have like the chance to go someplace like that.  Um. Now that I'm doing, for example, the MIT HTGAA, maybe that will help me, like next year, join like a bio master somewhere, even if I don't have like a bio bachelor's, um, and like didn't finish my bachelor's, like, usually they require that for masters, but in some places, they allow you to join if you can show that you've, like, worked in a field or have enough experience or have like other courses and stuff. And so it's kind of discretionary, so I could have a chance, but probably not at the, like, top places, you know, it would still be at, like, more random places, and I'm like, I don't want to commit to spending one year in some, like, very random city and country where, like, I still don't feel like I'm in the type of environment that really, like, aligns with me. right? 


Um, and so, you know, I just feel like I don't have like access to the places that could actually shape me in the ways that, that, like, could help me become, like, unlock that version of me that I dream about being, which is the one that I, again, is able to, to speak well, articulately the thoughts, is smart, knows how to, like, intuitively apply, like, decision making frameworks, if that makes sense. 
I'm just giving like random examples, but like, overall, just somebody who thinks well, who is smart, who has like a lattice of, of, like, has like good models of how the world works and and like how the world, like, was like built and interconnects all these different ideas from these different fields. And like, you know, that's something that I'm passionate about, but apparently I'm not as passionate about it if I'm not just spending like 24 hours on that or like that's kind of like my mental picture of how somebody like me who gets very easily obsessed with things and um, would would do it if they were like, I, I don't know, man.  I'm just like, I'm, okay, I'm like fucking going on a tangent now, but it's like, that's also another one of my like self-criticisms, internal self-criticisms that I like throw on myself sometimes and so I think it's good to just like capture it here. 

Um, but yeah, and so it's like, fuck, I'm, I'm at a loss, and then, even if I'm like, okay, like, what if my strategy is, like, no, sorry, not, like, okay, what if I just, like, you know, some of these, like, places are, it's not, like, impossible altogether, but it was just like for someone like me in my position, it would take, like, a long time of being very, like, sort of, like, strategic, like, focused, like, have like one specific plan with one very clear objective, like, and endpoint and just like go for it, 
but it would still take me probably like 2 years or 1.5 years or something. Or, you know, maybe there's always like shortcuts that I'm like not seeing or not thinking about or maybe I'm not like being self-confident enough to like go and like try those, but um, Um, Yeah, but then, you know, it would take like 2 years. 

So for example, like with lab stuff, right? I'm like, damn, I wish I could join like a top lab, but like, for example, even being here in Vienna I haven't even like applied yet, like, ADHD and like, uh, you know, prioritizing other things, and it's like, well, you know, like a path would be like doing stuff here and trying to like build good projects, cool projects, and like, contribute to papers and whatever, and like, I don't know, maybe like, try to get into like a cool masters, but then I wouldn't be able to like afford it, but like, whatever, yeah, so people say like, you can get a loan, but like, it doesn't matter, but then it's like, okay, and then I would have to finish the masters and then apply for the lab I want to. But then it's been like a year and a half or 2 years or something and I'm like, do I, will I still be dreaming of joining that lab 2 years from now as like a junior or intern or something?  Like, probably not. 
And so that's also the difficult part that I realize is that the older that I get, the less open I will be to different things that I'm open to right now.
 because right now I'm like, okay, I have like changed fields and I have to change roles and stuff multiple times and I have to always start from scratch, from like a really low position, and it's like at some point it's like, damn, you know, I should be already doing more like senior stuff, not starting with like another internship at this point. But then it's like, well, you know, I still like, I have to deal with it because, well, it's, like, I decided to start from scratch in a different, like, area, and so that's how it goes out.  You just have to accept it. And you're not going to have to do this always, but it's like. But I'm just scared that, you know, what if, like, 2 years from now, I'm still in a position where I just haven't, like, gone in deeply anywhere and I'm still kind of, like, I don't know what the word is. 
It's not like "drifting". It reminds me of the concept of being a digital nomad, but it's like in your career. And where you're just like, Trying a little bit here, and then trying a little bit there, and that you're not an expert in anything.  And then who are you? What value do you bring? How are you hirable?  Why would people like, you know, pay like a full salary, you do? Like have you? How do you like contribute value?  And the problem is that there's things that people would hire me for. But that, because they're not super specialized or technical. I'm not that interested in.  I don't want to be a marketing person. I don't want to be a bizdev person. Like, I already tried that for a little bit.  I'm over that. Like, it's not fulfilling. Like, I want to build my mind and my thinking, and I want to work on things that feel challenging for my brain and make me feel like I'm learning, and I fucking hate doing things where I'm not fucking learning, and I have to, like, do that outside of my job, especially because my job, my job is like my life, my identity, and I can't do work with my balance, and I have no interest in doing world life balance. 

Like, if it's a job that I don't want to merge with my life and I don't want to make my identity in my life, then, like, I don't want to work there, so to speak, and that makes things really hard. Because, again, I'm not in a position to be super choosy, but on the other hand, I have managed to be choosy, and I can't say it has worked well in the sense that I'm, like, not totally in a good position, but, like, you know, like, at least I have been able to actually stay focused on the things that I'm interested in, and say no to things, and I'm, like, incredibly privileged for that. I'm very grateful and it makes me incredibly anxious the thing that I want always, you know, that's also like there's like a time limit for that because it's like limited like resources and it makes me insanely, insanely, insanely stressed out and scared of thinking of running out of like, you know, like my run rate and my opportunities and stuff and being forced to like do shit that really takes me away.  Like if I'm like forced to take on like a, I don't even do marketing. I'm just saying like a random thing, okay, but like marketing job. Then again, I will spend like 10 hours per day on that and I won't have time to do the things like critical thinking writing or studying AI agents or like studying biology and developing biotech projects.  It's a random thing, okay? Because even if I was doing something in the marketing, we would probably be with AI agents, but also like I would never be hired for marketing because I don't have skills in marketing, but that's the problem. I don't really have skills in anything at this point, not like a specific thing. kind of like a generalist. 

And I guess some people, some places hire that, but I would like to be in a place that trains me as a specialist in something because I should be a specialist in at least something. And in the past, I was a specialist in something or was becoming specialist in something, but now it's like so completely unrelated to what I'm doing and what I'm interested in, that is completely pointless. It's like, it's like  (...) for my life and my experience.  I can't mention that. So it's like it doesn't exist and that fucking sucks. But again, I made the decision and this time I don't think I'm going to change that much more.  Um, so like this time it does feel definitive and I've stuck to this like for a very long time and it is like actually something that I've been saying for even an even longer time. But, um, Okay, I think this, like, helps put into perspective kind of like what's been going on. But now the problem is I'm gonna have to like transcribe this and wait for it to be transcribed.  Fuck my life. And then I won't be fully focused on any other thing. And And because I'll be waiting for one hour for this to finish, to then go and put it into clot, and then I'll be like, again, there's no expression in English for this, like, "estar pendiente de", like, my brain will have this, like, constantly running thread, because it's just awaiting, like, Claude's response, waiting processing, because this is like a thread that's like open. 
And it needs closure, right? Have that urge for closure. which isn't fully gonna come, because it's not like I'm gonna get like magic answers or anything, but like I feel like I really want to like, go talk to someone about this, like not actually, because I don't think there's like any single human who has like enough context and knowledge and everything to, to even like listen to this whole ramble. And, but you know, AIs are like able to parse that and that's very helpful.  And so it also means that I can really accelerate the progress in terms of solving all of these threads because I can get AI to actually address all of them. Like, listen to me, "talk for 38 minutes", which is how long I've been recording this for at this point, and then get to address every single point. Would your human would not do satisfactorily?  Like, I don't know, it doesn't matter. Again, I'm just like fucking rambling, like, oh my God, if I'm like rambling oatmy age, how much am I going to ramble when I'm like 80 years old? It's like insane to think about.  But yeah, here it is. I need to parse this. Oh, okay, the last, um, thing that I that I wanted to mention here that's like just really into the stuff. 

 (I recorded a bit more after)
From earlier, but I just wanted to make it a little bit more complete, is, uh, yeah, if I'm thinking like all these like very smart people. they started their training, they were already like, like, molding their mind, shaping their mind and their thinking and everything at like 16 year old, or earlier, some people started like 14 learning about like economics and physics and art and whatever. Like, and now they're like, well, like, 25 or like 30 or whatever.  It's like, or even though they started like much earlier, it's like, if you don't start at that time. Like, for example, like somebody who starts at, like, 20 something, even though they're, like, very young. They will like never catch up to like the person who has been doing that since they were like 12 or 15 or something. 
 Um, especially because, like, I suspect there's some like neoplastic also things, but, like, whatever. It doesn't matter, but it's like, you know, how good someone ever catch up. to someone that's like, even if someone is like, started at like 15 versus like 23 or something, right? Like, they're young, but it's like the person who has been doing that since like 15 has like, like 8 years of advantage.  That's a ton, especially at that age, right? Of like being very focused and learning about all these things and having like mentors and stuff like criticize your thinking, you like actually doing the work to like improve it or even like practice writing or learning biology or stuff like that. Like, there's just no way to catch up even if you spent like 3 years completely focus on the thing. 
 And so, like, again, I don't know how to how to deal with that because then it feels like, well, should I just like not even try? And then I'm like, well, no, I should still try, but it's like, you know, I have to pick one thing and go really like hard into that, extreme focus, but then again, even if I did that, I would still be like, not even close, right? And then, And even then, it seems like, so even if I like, was able to like, execute that perfectly.  I would still be so fucking like far from that. But then the worst part is that I just see myself, And I'm even incapable of doing that.  So then, You know, what the fuck awaits me? What can I even like hope for? You know?  It's very, um, like, dire. Like, I don't know what to do. I don't know how to think.  I don't know what to think. I don't know how to feel and. Yeah, also, I like completely wasted last year.  Like, I decided it was time to, like, train in bio, but like, I barely learned any bio, like, I don't know shit. And like, but I also didn't like write. I didn't do any networking.  I didn't like reach out to people and have calls because I was like, You know, I'm like, well, I'm not doing anything interesting right now. I'm not pitching anything, like, and I'm not like an expert in anything about people, you know, like, whatever, it doesn't matter, but it's like, I know how to like overcome that. Or overcome it, like, I don't know what to do about it.  Yeah.