Today has been such a total ADHD day that I basically almost just can't believe it.
I just came to my room which finally I have for myself, thank God.
Just to like a voice journal about some of the things that are like running in my head.
First of all, I'm just so disappointed.
Like myself, I think I already wrote that in the previous voice message because of that.
Like today I took Ridilin.
I didn't really have that many distractions.
I wasn't like talking to that many people.
People were not talking to me.
I really have an excuse.
Like, you know, I'm the captain of my own destiny.
I'm the captain of my own days and I'm just apparently a really bad one.
Like, you know, like I was in trust today.
I can point fingers. I can blame others.
And like, I didn't do it.
Like I didn't even like really get started on the task.
I didn't even try until very, very late.
And then I finally, then I was actually doing it.
But then in my head, I was still thinking about all these things until I realized I had a moment
where I was like, oh wait, I'm actually doing it right now.
You know, but it felt almost like, oh no, I'm just like skimming through it.
But I'm not actually like working on it.
So anyway, I was just like, wait, I'm doing it right now.
And I know that calmed me down a little bit, but not quite.
Because I just felt like I was like over thinking it too much.
Instead of just speaking like one project and just doing the homework around it.
Which is not even like the final project.
It doesn't matter what I pick now.
But obviously I was like, oh yeah, let's orient this to where it's like the actual final project that I would want to have.
And so, yeah, that is making me like overthink it.
But the deadline is tomorrow.
Like, again, this is not like CEO, like attitudes, CEO behaviors.
Like this morning I was thinking of like, oh, maybe I should do those like making decisions under uncertainty.
Like, not the courses, but like one of those books, maybe that would help me.
Like, is that the problem?
Is that I don't know how to choose?
Is like, I don't know how to make a decision.
Like, I don't know like, it's like the firm rare that's running in my head.
Is just not right.
And how do I fix that?
Right.
I feel like I've been able to like change the firmware in some regards.
Like, for example, with the like anxiety thing, inspiring and stuff like that.
But I feel like today, some of the already like these past few days or something that has happened as literally more similar to that.
So I don't know if I'm like regressing or something.
I haven't been doing like meditation in a very long time.
And maybe that is also impacting me a little bit.
But I don't know, I was doing quite well even without doing it.
So I thought like, you know, like I was like fixed or something.
And so I don't know if it's related or if I'm just like, or maybe I was okay because it was just like a special, special like
in chapter or moment or something special as I'm like, like my usual.
But okay, I'm just gonna dump some of the like thoughts and worries and stuff that I had today.
So I mean, what happened?
So first of all, I already explained like in the morning, I decided to like go out and get some like groceries.
And I don't know if I got to destruct or what.
And then after that, I guys would have just a fucking take in the ridilin.
That's like mistake number one.
But even when I take it sometimes like I still did like super destructive.
Even today after taking it, I was still like distracted for a while.
But like it else at least put me in like a different mode a little bit.
Because like even when I was on my laptop and I got distracted, like getting distracted with like prompting AI is not productive.
But it's better than like scrolling social media.
But it still means that I'm not like doing my thing.
So it's easy to fall for that because in my head it's like, oh yeah.
So you know, I don't want, I started feeling guilty at some point that my AI has not been working at all all day.
Like imagine if it's like 5b and I'm like, oh my god, I've like completely wasted all these like subscriptions and tokens and stuff because they haven't been working at all.
But of course, I getting them to work and something takes like warm up time right.
And because I don't have the right system set up yet, it takes even longer because I open the terminal and it's like, oh, all the sessions have close.
And now how do I get to continue the sessions? And now I have to like scroll up and be like, oh, what was the conversation in this session?
And how do I reinstalliate an AI and get it to get all the context that was in this like conversation?
And that takes a while, right? So there's this like warm up time that just makes things inefficient because I can just like go and like open it and just continue it.
And then I have all these like little problems like, oh, you know, when I like use codecs, I can scroll up.
Oh, when I use Teamox, I have to like write these commands and then it takes a while and it's been in the ass, how do I not do that?
And then I go and like, do like a quick like perplexity query and like, how to not do that? And then it tells me, and then I fix it and it's like, but there's like a ton of like small things like that.
We're like, if I was doing that in one sitting, I could like fix it with them. And so next time I don't have to like,
don't be thought of me like, triple them, but like, because I don't do it, it's always like little by little, but literally it just feels infinite, right?
And so then, and at some point, I'm like, wait, I've spent too much time on this shit. Like, I'm just going to go like ignore this.
Like, don't feel bad about it. Just go to the bio stuff, like your actual tasks.
Um, but then somehow I just like end up regressing and then another way in which I also wasted a lot of time is because I just went to like Amazon and AliExpress and stuff to like order stuff for the room.
Which is like, and I even told myself it gets fine instead of urgent. You don't make it. You can wait for one day. Like, you have to deadline tomorrow.
You can just order those things like tomorrow or the day after it's fine, but then part of me is like, wait no, because AliExpress takes a long time to ship.
And so two days can make like a big difference because sometimes it's like weekend is in the middle and like, whatever.
So it's just too quickly. I was like, I have like a clear idea of what I want. It's just like three items and like, blah, blah, blah.
It's just never like that. It's never, ever, ever like that on Amazon. Maybe not like surprise a little bit less.
Um, and I also checked some stuff on Amazon because I'm like, oh, what if I can just have it like quicker, delivered quicker.
And I just wasted a ton of time and then it was another quarry there. I wanted to run in the background just asking for like, oh, where can I buy like cheap like clothes or home decor or something?
Because I mean, that is something like I need like pajamas and I need like clothes that I didn't bring.
Um, and but it's like, it also kind of counts a little bit like a distraction, but like, okay, fine. That was just like a couple of minutes.
So then how did I waste like more than 10 hours?
Um, then yeah, I don't know what else happened, but it's like this like constant pink pong of different like things that's just like everything besides doing the actual things I even.
At some point was like, oh, let's just run the AIs in the background to run to create this like web app course that I can study the A.C.G.E.A.A stuff from.
And the point is, and my hand is like, I'm just going to give it like one or two prompts and she's leaving the background running and then going to do my actual task and then by the time I'm done with my task, I have the fruits of the air is labor.
And so things feel more efficient because otherwise I finished the main task and then I'm like, oh shit.
Now I have to start up the A.A.A. just to start working on the thing. And then I will have to wait.
It's like, it's like harvesting right. It's like planting the seeds and then you like collect the seeds because I haven't planted the seed, I won't be able to collect the seed.
And it's the same with like the paper reader vendor app, which I would love to have like it would be really useful to have that.
But it will take a while to get that like proper. And then again, if I just keep doing this thing where I'm just jumping around so many different things is never going to actually like get finished.
Because I'm just working across different projects. And part of it is because the A.A.A. works right like you prompted you ask it to do something and then you just wait.
And sometimes it will take 30 minutes. Sometimes it takes five minutes and then it's even hard to figure out like when it has like finished, when it's like waiting for your input.
I did get two projects at least to like notify me on telegram. I don't know if that is not like fixed, but yet I would like help a lot.
Although I don't really check telegram when I'm like trying to focus because I get messages from friends.
So like maybe I need to find like a different route like something that's connected to my Mac and shows me that message or something so that I don't need to like open the app because then I get too distracted with messages from other people.
And I don't want to see messages from people doing like my work hours right. So you know actually maybe there's a good like feedback for myself, a good criticism, which is that I think I feel like I feel at this like I open telegram at some point maybe because I'm like using like safe messages and other things.
And then like I don't know I get like a message from Danny and that would remind me of something like my mom and then yeah I had to handle like my thoughts.
So I also like receive to message like from like my family and being like you know like this like relative is like right now why depressed because they don't have like the hearing aids because they were relying on me to the things.
And I was doing like research like I call different like stories and stuff but it's like I go to the last school I don't like Saturday until I got that quoted didn't want to make a decision.
But then like today I had to like call the store again. So it was like once I've message popped up I had to completely stop everything that I was doing to try to like handle that task.
But then because it was like past one thirty I couldn't call the second store only the first one and then I had to sit in a lot of like four p.m.
to restart that and four p.m. and go and call the other one.
But it's like you know that it also requires some like publicity like research.
And so I was like it took me out of everything but I like I actually have to do like go and do the thing.
And then I was like okay fine well I'm just gonna leave this not till four so I can go and like do other things but then during that time.
I know if I went to like I think I went to like cook and eat or something but then or like I don't remember.
And I think they got earlier that I wasn't hungry because I do the retail and then yeah like four I was doing something else.
So I didn't call yet and then I think I called around like five or something when I went back to my laptop.
And I know what I did like during the rest of the time honestly.
But yeah it took like a little bit of like retail and talk about.
And then you know before I had to do the same thing and I don't know how long I'd like to do the thing and it's always the same.
It's like you talk to them and they're like wait let me send you a message later or I'll contact you later or I have to ask somebody else.
Let me give you an answer later and then you have to wait and sometimes you have to wait for a day like.
You have to wait for the message and then you don't check the message on the spot because they send it to like my other phone.
And then like by the time I read it it's like seven thirty and so they close at eight.
And it's like the same cycle right and so now it's like something that I still have pending it all honestly.
Like it's also so expensive that I just like can't choose.
There's a bit of like money like paralysis money just like decision making paralysis.
But I mean that's kind of like what happened like I have to like jump in and out of things.
Instead of just being able to like block out everything and just do the things like even if I blocked out everything.
It's even hard to like get myself to just be like yeah I'm just gonna do the thing and I don't really know why.
Again it's because I have all these like literal excuses of like oh but first but first but first.
And so yeah I'm like super disappointed with that.
And then there's like another complaint that like no complaint but like overthinking pattern that I will maybe talk about in a different one.
Let's see.
Just writing the title.
This is like a vent.
But yeah there's like a couple of other things that just like helping around it.
I mean kind of distracted about how I know like either like seeing people around or like chatting with people that just.
I mean we think about things like how I don't have in like wasting time because like like other people around me who are like much younger.
Like something much more serious stuff than I was doing at that age and then like that's fine.
Like you know very different like whatever.
But like it makes me think of like other people that I admire and how I think about the fact that they you know started much younger.
Like really honing they're like thinking skilled and knowledge is tough.
Like two of my role models they like dropped out of something but they were studying like physics.
And like one of them and there are like two girls one of them started like it was very passionate about physics.
And she was like a teenager and what the fuck was I was doing as a teenager.
I was just like playing fucking video games or something.
And so you know seeing the person and then I know I saw like the website of like another like influential figure and like spoken by Lee and they write all these.
The word is not like gratitude.
It's just like beliefs like one line or like beliefs or thoughts like about perspectives and they're very well thought out right.
And so I was like you know what does it take to get to that point where you develop those thoughts and you were able to articulate them so well.
And then you know I think to myself well yeah this is like a skill that one can develop like like I can also develop that skill right like other skin also.
But then I part of me was also thinking like oh maybe like you know this person is just like higher IQ and the other people I'm thinking about they are just really fucking higher IQ and they're like way more impressive.
And it's like I will never get the originally that they have had and they have because I just can catch up to that level right like I can catch up on like one front but not all of them like you can really like fake IQ or whatever.
But it's like okay but I mean yes that's like to run one hand but on the other hand it's like there's definitely a lot that you can do to like improve on fronts that are really that components compensatory right like yeah maybe you can like speed around studying physics.
Or maybe you can do that but if you're doing that then you can also do like study about like politics or something right it's like you can only choose like one thing and you have to go like fully like completely focus on that thing.
And then but then I'm like okay well yeah I could spend so much more time on things like well how to like speak more articulately and how to like really like express my ideas or how to even like build up my sort of like mental arguments like I don't even know how to describe this but it's like I've been getting really good feedback from Claude.
I just like uploaded some like rambling voice recordings and actually I can do that with his own also more like constructors recordings and then I would get like and I get Claude to give me feedback on you know where am I failing in my communication why am I rambling so much why do I sound so scattered and so disorganized in my speaking and in my thinking because that's also what Claude said.
Like speak like that because I think like that right is it is a direct representation so I'm like how do I fix that I'm just really happy right now like well it did give me like a few exercises that I do need to try and actually I could just pick some sentences here or I can get caught some sentences from some of these and just practice rewriting them and just being much clearer.
And I lost my eternal thought because I was thinking that I really have less time for the deadline than I'm thinking and yeah so you know like that's like a very high I know how we call it like high ROI or something skill to focus on right because like if I just like go and study I don't know the physics or history or something.
I think it's like it's not going to show as much and it's like in this case this like showing does better it's it's not about like impressing others or anything it's not so much about like the image but it's more like you know learning how to like be more articulate is learning how to think better.
And so you know being a good thinker is a skill that is highly appreciated because it can be applied to many different like areas right and it's like it's a skill that I'm like you're right now but I'm really I'm also lacking like there are skills like I don't really have that much like accumulated knowledge right like I feel like I don't have enough like crystallized nor fluid knowledge and then it's like okay what do I do it which is like give up alive or what but that also doesn't make sense.
I should still strive to do the best that I can especially if it's in my hands to improve some of some of I mean these like flaws or shortcomings basically but yeah there's this like constant feeling of overwhelm or like frustration I don't have any more words to describe this like pressure of like maybe a little bit of like hopelessness
because I just feel like I can catch up because I just feel like no matter how much time and effort I'm put into it and then the problem is that I even feel like I'm just not putting in enough like time and effort because I'm being fucking like ADHD and I'm lacking that sort of urgency and I don't know what the fuck I'm doing but like I feel like even if I put in so much a ton of like time and energy and effort and focus like even if I was able to let it go.
Like execute that perfectly. I would still be so behind and I don't know how to sort of like I don't think the word is like hope with that like integrate that like deal with that like I don't even know how to describe these like feelings or stances or like attitudes or like what I'm thinking about feeling like I don't even know how to describe it but there's like a little bit of like hopelessness and it's like demotivating.
Um and well there's like two components one of them is like in next you feel a little bit hopeless and it makes you feel a little bit demotivated but then I'm I'm not the kind of person who like can choose like those motivation like if that makes sense like you know tomorrow comes and like I have to do something right so I have to pick what to focus on and I think that's the next component that's the next stage that's like hard which is that okay yeah like I have these thoughts.
And then I'm like oh shit you know I'm like I'm so fucking far behind and like even if I like focus perfectly for the next like year or something I was still be fucking I was still be like so far away from and also this is not the right English expression far away from someone but it's like far away from being at the level of any of these people that I admire.
And and obviously that's demotivating and and it triggers that sense of internal desperation to be like wait but is there anything I can do better like maybe I'm not focusing on the right thing maybe I'm like neglecting all their areas that that could actually give me much closer to that like maybe I don't need to like I don't know like be at home and like read about like certain things like maybe I should be reading about those other things maybe I should be reading papers but wait no maybe I don't need to read papers it's better to just focus on that.
I'm not focusing on the agents but then if I only focus on the agents I'm not growing my like biology knowledge but if I'm doing biology knowledge or like agents I'm not working on focusing on my thinking and for that maybe I need to write more but if I write that I'm not developing my agents or my biology skills and then it's like a part of me is like what can I do like three of that why can I have like different focus blocks in the day to focus on different things you know to allocate to different things but things like other tasks pop up.
And it's like there's like a big percentage of the day which I just like waste doing I don't know what I have no idea how that happens.
That's why I've been trying to build these tools to sort of like ask me like are really what are you doing that's why I tried to set the physical timer and it would help me a lot to just have like a watch where I can set on alarm every hour or something or 30 minutes just check checking with myself like am I doing what I need to be doing.
Like one of reasons why I go distracted after I use a 10 minute timers and at some point I actually did the thing and then I stopped and I went to get a snack and then I didn't send any other timers and that's why I didn't get that contract right.
It's really really really really fundamental for me to to have that sort of like scaffolding around me full of reminders and timers and stuff like that because I just I have like a total like time blindness and priority blindness and like it's like if I stop and think about it yes.
But then I just get lost in my head I just get lost in my thoughts and I get like distracted and that's how my brain works and it's fucking broken it's fucking like fun.
But it's like if I had the right scaffolding you know it could be a little bit more interact and it's not that I want to deflect responsibility onto some abstract vague like entity or future hypothetical like future.
But or like I'll turn it over like world where I have if I have all these scaffolding there will be like perfect but it's like you know I do see the result is like when I take versions I don't talk with them I see it.
So when I put on my headphones and I said a time where like the chances of success and the focus are just so much fucking higher.
I'm looking at the time and it's just like how am I supposed to not feel hopeless and it's like 11 p.m.
and what the fuck am I doing but it's like honestly like this is like one point where I'm like I do feel like I actually need to like sit down and voice to run about it because otherwise it's just like running in my head.
And it's better if I can like put it in here and then process it with clone.
I think in the past it's a lot of my journals haven't been like as useful because I was not able to like process them.
So it's one that's if it's just like log what's happening but don't actually are not able to like go through it.
Because if you go through it but you don't have it sort of like index in front of you or like you process like process by like another thing.
And you just kind of like go and loop since like you have to like regenerate the content.
Anyway I don't need to like explain that it doesn't matter but like I already journaled about how I was not journaling right.
And I do actually really have no but I have nothing doing that enough because it's been like for real like January has been like so intense.
December was so intense and I just didn't really journal that much about it.
And like I just like came to Vienna and it's like what things are going through my mind like what's the experience like like how is it different or how is like similar to what I was like imagining you know.
Like those things are things that I want to record for the future because this is shaping my thinking and my personality and as shaping me right like these life experiences and same thing with what's happening with my family stuff.
So it's could be important to like journal about them like maybe I need to you know maybe I need to get stricter stricter with routine is like right now it's pretty uninterrupted with most of my days here.
I can do what I want I can set up my day then with the day that I want way that I want and if I want I can even get like accountability by you know scheduling with the people it's all too many days you know at this time or something like that.
So and there's like a sauna and I could implement the sauna like misses up my hair and that's too much work but I don't know.
Like a cold shot where I should do more than I don't know when the thing is the thing is.
Yeah I just really thought like when I was like up there and I just keep seeing myself either getting distracted or going on into these loops I was like okay you like break out of this somehow like either go meditate or just like I don't do something different like I can sign up for the gym is too expensive right now.
I can really go for around I don't have like a jacket that I can use for that and it's like it's cold and also it's not the nicest area I think for that.
But sometimes it's like you know just break out of that and I think there's just coming to my room and like journaling and dumping this is good because lately what I've been doing is when I'm with that like mental loop mode.
And I've had to myself also read journal about this I'm like no no journaling at this point is like a waste of time you've already seen it never leads to anything as well.
I just push myself to do other things but like today I just realized I'm so stuck like I've already been trying to like focus on the thing and like okay no I'm also like my other argument is also that if I don't capture it as it is happening because I was like I can just like journal about this later but like no I want to capture it as it is happening because.
That's how I can get the most accurate representation of like the problem that I want to fix right.
And so I hope this blue journal is useful for that and but I think I don't know how I could word everything well yet like my last like sort of like thinking or like overthinking was about the whole like.
Yeah like like age and cashing up and also like some of these people that I was like talking about not like the people around me but like the people most like people that I don't know that like I have my hair they're like thinking or they're trajectory or things that they have achieved like.
There's last one that I was like reading the website off like like he said that he went to MIT and I'm like well you know part of me is like.
Because I was like analyzing the writing and I was like well he's like this person thinks so clearly and like what does it take to get there and then I got to the MIT thing and I was like well you know I think like being putting yourself in this environment or being in this environment like surrounded by people who really like.
Shape you're like way of thinking like there's more like critical like proper way that helps a lot and it's like.
If you are just like by yourself or like another environments it's really hard to mold your thinking in that way right.
And so I have to spend like way too much time sorry but I don't know by myself or not really like interacting with people in this sort of like intellectually challenging way right and all like too little and so when you join in a situation like that and you're there every day it's really hard to like.
When I go to escape that are you just like throw yourself in it and and having that I started like I've really helped a lot but then it's like well I would not even be able like I see some of these people I'm like I just wouldn't even have the chance to like.
You know like.
Get to do like places like that with very pretty small people and like like okay that's not like what I was thinking I was also thinking like no there is like definitely ways to like.
Sort of like get to places like that doesn't have to be specifically this one okay there's like a lot like this well not that there's not that many but like even this one it's like well you know I don't have like good grades so I don't have like the chance to go someplace like that.
Now that I'm doing for example the MIT HGGA maybe they will help me like next year join like a bio masters somewhere even if I don't have like a bio bachelor's and like didn't finish my bachelor's like usually they require a lot for masters but in some places they allow you to join if you can show that you like worked in the field or have enough experience or have like courses and stuff and so it's kind of discretionary so I could have a chance but probably not.
At the like top places you know it would still be like more random places and I'm like I don't want to commit to spending one year in some like very random city in country where like I still don't feel like I'm in the type of environment that really like aligns with me right.
And so you know I just feel like I don't have like access to places that could actually shape me in the ways that.
That like could help me become like unlock that version of me that I dream about being which is the one that I can again is able to just speak well articulate the thoughts it's smart knows how to like intuitively apply that decision making frameworks that that makes sense I'm just given like random example but like overall just somebody who thinks well who is smart.
It has like a lot of like has like good models of how the world works and like how the world like was like built and entered into all these different ideas from different fields and like you know that's something that I'm passionate about but I'm probably I'm not passionate about it if I'm just spending like 24 hours and that or like that's kind of like my mental picture of how somebody like me who gets for easily obsessed with things and would would do it if they were like I don't know.
I don't know man I just like I'm okay I'm like fucking going in a tangent now but it's like it's also another one of my like self criticisms internal self criticisms that I like throw myself sometimes and so I think it's good to just like counter it here.
But yeah and so it's like fuck I'm out of loss and then even if I'm like okay like what if my strategy is like literally not like okay what if I just like you know some of these like places are it's not like impossible together but it was just like for someone like me in my position.
It would take like a long time of being very like sort of like strategic like focus like the Catholic one specific plan with one very clear objective like goal and endpoint and just like go for it but it was still
taking me probably like two years where you know however something or you know maybe there's always like shortcuts that I'm like not seeing or not thinking about or maybe I'm not like being self confident enough to like go and like try those but um yeah but then you know it would take like two years of for example like with the lap stuff right I'm like damn I wish I could join like a top lap but like for example even if you know I haven't even like applied yet like ADHD and like you know prioritizing all the things and it's like well you know like a path of peace.
You like doing stuff here and trying to like build good projects cool projects and like contribute to papers and whatever and like I know maybe like trying to get into like cool masters but then I want to be like a footed but like whatever yet so people say that you can get alone but like it doesn't matter but then it's like okay and then I would have to what finishes masters and then apply for the lap I want to but then it's been like you're not for two years or something and I'm like do I still be dreaming of joining that lap two years from now as like a junior or injured or something like probably not.
And so that's also the difficult part that I realize is that the the older that I get the last open I will be two different things that I'm open to right now because right now I'm like okay I have like change fields and I have to change roles and stuff multiple times and I have to always start from scratch from like a really low position and it's like at some point it's like damn you know I should be already doing more like seniors I'm not starting with like an under issue but this point but then it's like well you know I still like I have to deal with it because well it's like I have to deal with it.
Well it's like I decided to start from scratch in different like area and so that's how it goes and you just have to accept it and you're not going to have to do this always but it's like but I just care that you know what if like two years from now I'm still in a position where race is having like gone in deeply anywhere and I'm still kind of like I don't know what the word is it's not like drifting.
It reminds me of the concept of being a digital nomad but it's like in your career and where you just like trying a little bit here and then trying a little bit there and then you're not an expert in anything and then who are you what value do you bring.
How are you hireable why would people like you know pay like a full salary to like how do you like contribute value and the problem is that there's things that people would hire me for but that because they're not super specialized or technical I'm not that interested in I don't want to be a marketing person I don't want to be a big step person.
I already tried that for a little bit I'm over that like zone fulfilling like I want to build my mind and my thinking and I want to work on things that feels challenging for my brand and make me feel like I'm learning.
And I fucking hate doing things where I'm not fucking learning and I have to like do that outside of my job especially because my job.
My job is like my life my identity and.
I can't do work by balance that I have no interest in doing work by balance like if it's a job that I don't want to merge with my life and I don't want to make my identity in my life and like I don't want it once.
They're sort of speaking that makes things really hard because again I'm not in a position to be super choosy but they are kind of managed to be choosy and.
I can't say it has worked well in the sense that I'm like not to really need a position but like you know like at least I have been able to actually stay focused on the things that I'm interested in and say no to things that I'm like incredibly privileged for that.
I'm very grateful and it makes me incredibly anxious to think that I won't always you know that's also like there's like a time limit for that because it's like limited like resources and it makes me insanely insanely stressed out and scared of thinking of running out of like you know like my run rate and my opportunities and stuff and being forced to like do shit that really takes me away like if I'm like forced to take on like a I don't even do marketing I'm just saying like a random thing.
Okay but like marketing job and again I will spend like 10 hours per day on that and I won't have time to do the things like critical thinking writing or starting a agents or like starting biology and developing biotech projects.
It's a random thing because even if I was doing something with marketing we would probably be with a agents but also like I would never be hiring for marketing because I don't have skills in marketing but that's a problem I don't really have skills in anything at this point.
It's like a specific thing kind of like a journalist and I guess some people some places hire that but I would like to be in a place that trains me as a specialist and something because I should be a specialist and at least something and in the past I was a specialist and something I was becoming a specialist and thought it's something but now it's like so completely unrelated to what I'm doing and what I'm interested in that is completely pointless it's like it's like that good white for my life in my experience I can't mention that so it's like it doesn't exist and that fucking sucks but again I made a decision and
this time I don't think I'm going to change that much more so like this time it does feel definitive and I've stuck to this like for a very long time and it is like actually something that I've been saying for even an even longer time but okay I think this like helps put into perspective kind of like what's been going on but now the problem is I'm going to have to like transcribe this and wait for it to be transcribed and fuck my life.
And then I won't be fully focused on any other thing and and because I'll be waiting for whatever for this to finish to then go and put it into quad and then I'll be like again there's no expression in English for this like it's not been the end of the day like my brain will have this like constantly running threat because it's just a waiting
like clonzer response or a bit waiting processing because this is like a threat that's like open and it's like it needs closure right after that urge for closure which isn't fully going to come just like I'm going to get that magic answers or anything but like I feel like I really want to like when I go talk to someone about this like not actually because I don't think there's like any single human has like enough context and knowledge and everything to even like listen to this whole ramble and
but you know AIs are like able to parse that and that's very helpful and so it also means that I can really accelerate the progress in terms of solving all of these threats because I can get AI to actually address all of them like listen to me quite unquote talk for 38 minutes which is how long up and recording this for at this point and then get to address every single point.
Would your human would not do and not do such a security like I know it doesn't matter again I'm just like fucking running like I'm like I'm like rattling on my age how much am I going to ramble when I'm like 80 years old it's like insane to think about but here it is I need to parse this.
